Well a lot of things come into my mind right now but I want to write my notes on a beautiful song I happen to come accross in the recent times although I have
been listening to it quite for a while. Infact it made me record a my own version of my song rendering capabilities which ended up at me admiringly listening to
it a few times with little appreciations eventhough it was filled with absolute musical non-sense to most singers and listeners of good music.

But the point is not that it just got me singing which at first cause was a deeper understanding, (most probably it was not written with such deep sense of 
meanings :) ) that I understood from it. And this article is precisely written to that emotional and lively moments of life of mine where I nearly experienced the
amazing behavioral actions of mine, would be matchable with atleast beginners of philosophers. Such was the depth of thinking I was in while I found myself 
very surprisingly involved in taking notes of my own thougts that the song amazingly triggered in my mind. Here is an excerpt of it below.

"
Video starting with pooja atmosphere in public with a young protagonist in an enclosed style of dressing comes in with most of his physical features unrevealed.
Exactly! video starting with a hero coming in, wearing a full shirt(shirt-jacket), full pant, a cap to completely covering up with the head part, I mean not a single 
hair was made visible and a cooling glass completely shutting down the sight of his eyes and part of nose, Imagine what a mystery his face would be for the 
ones wathing this video, acutally which is worse than yours; cause you atleast know nothing was visible, but watchers see it with such optimism that it forces
him to start getting taunted by thought patterns that make him more curious to get a complete picture of his face only to confidently fret upon his face condemn
him to match the quality and beauty of your own (only a fraction of the audience experiences this and luckily I am in that group!), may be 1) He was bald
2) was completely un-Handsome (You know I guess Handsome was a slang used by nimfy hot women who saw and noticed the size of one's dick or ball to 
guage it and deem it to be as big as their hands can get filled with), except for some seconds where the hero actually removes his sun-goggles to please 
the audience and desperate woman to get a glimplse of his wonderful face. 
There are this dressed up devotees of Lord Shiva who are dancing around with such fake happiness that they are feelling only tiredness from all the things.
There there are normal people who just show up for purely personal reasons and yet show it to be for public welfare (loka kalyana). There there is a rock band
of "The Raghu Dixit" and abosuletly you are right for the guess that I am ridiculing Raghu Dixit for his screen attendence.

Don't worry this is all the criticism I have for now, but will return back for a while in between the song, just to keep it going.

Ninna poojege bande mahadeshwara!, He says he has come for a Worship and service my lord Shiva. Well this means a lot, lot more things than you imagine,
To be on safer side imagining me singing the song, it means these many things as the following :
What is "pooje" or "worship", It means inspite of other things in the world, I a lover of music have come with the guitar as the tool to produce harmonius 
gifts for you where I want to get lost in it and experience the truth. I will sing for you, I will praise you and I will beg for things from you that will make me
happy and joyous and smile across my face and also peace to the world (infact bring togetherness and warmth of love) or positive feelings and thoughts which
is absolutely necessary or we would end up with only terrorist who would even get so frustrated that they start kill their ownselves after finishing with all others
So I want a calmer world and this is my contribution, Hey the power source of entirity, Please put all things in attention and awareness so they come alive if
they align with similar thought frequency and capability as mine. Help me do this. Not just singing but praying for singing and it's success as well as living the
moment in absoluteness. Please protect me with kindness.

Hey Shankara, premankura ada nantara nemmadi doora. Ok this was exaclty what I thought but in oppositeness. Well after you get initiated by love then
you will never be at peace Well means two things of many more things that it might mean: After you fall in love you will never be at peace, you are completely
lost with your companion and experimenting too many this to make him/her happy, But it might be good or bad. Both case happen one where it is so bad that
either he/she commits suicide or suffers a heart-attack, and good might be tranfoming him into a very humble and great person, might also make him greedy.
And then it means, Once you fall in love, but this time its the passion of his life, the thing that he is best at, the things he loves to do more than loving
a fellow animal. The things where he actually feels his life living. Yeah when you start doing that you will not stop untill you feel fulfilled and in that sense
he will never be content but running behind the time till he get completed. Then after completition it's either salvation or returning back for more action-packed
earth and animal life.These are the two things what the line meant. Well he faithfully praises love that it's a garland of flowers and and from this racism will
subside and be forgotten and hopefully the idea gets extinct. Well all things in the world. Thought is the one things among rest of the obvious other senses
that propogates longer time than light. would in the universe. Well simply because a human searches and quests for thoughts so deep that even the deepest
grouds under the giant pyramid proves itself useless in properly hiding the secrets tried to be hidden, but were arguably writeen so it can be read in future.
But foolishly thought it's completely safe in the underground but was equally spoiled underneath because of the level of pollution and culmination by humans
have ruined the earth itself yeah even to the physical level. Yeah coming to the point mind always like thinking and it loves finding out what our dead 
ancestors used to think. Well what a time waste it would be is what you thought is actually not so right. Our ancestors always prove to be ahead of us
becuase they were actually living better lives than ours with no forcefull inferiority or superiority. So they were able to have qualitative thinking as opposed to
such meanful quantitative approch to life, for example money, status, power only to name just few out of many.
Look at me once with attention and love my lord, I exactly don't know why people ask god to see them, it's absurd but may be they find new borns as the 
loveliest things, (may be even I will after I have a kid of my own, or may not be!) so they always see god as a child and beg for the attention that the 
fresh, innocent eyes give us. Well when a child laughs and looks at you in the eye. It's a wonderful things. You know why because it gives complete 
attention, well that is what humans beg to want. It's attention, I repeated it! It's that "sought for thing". Infact humans start to go behind attention to such
depth that they want people to be aware of his promotions and gains so that they continue attending him in his life. That is what a human strives for apart
from the silly thoughts of jealousy that others with him were granted and not himself. So then the RACE finally begins. Well nature and human instincts drive
these things. It's very difficult to control. But then, girls are very smart. Really! They just believe in the present and they want to show-off. They love 
showing off right from they body curves and volumptious breasts and butts to the level that their husband or boyfriends "LOVE" them so much that they
treat their loved ones as queens. The better you do at that the more time you get for yourselves, because otherwise you will be tortured to get it.
I mean completely mentally. That is why a wife is call ardhangini. Even though it is the smallest insertion that gives the most immense of pleasure, but 
she will consure nearly half of the life of a man. Well the other cases might will exist, I put myself the normal and most found category that I just explained.
Then, he says this maze if very difficult to solve.

Then in the song some english parts of sentences are fused.

The hero softly enters the scene adjsuting his cap with full sytle.

He sings, This love he has which made him remove sun-glasses and see the walking accross woman who is so beautiful that she is not at all presented with
full picture of her physical appearance. Don't what how much patience the viewer has to spend his rich energy on the level and heights of imagination to 
picturise her jaw-dropping prettyness. Yeah you guess it right he says this love of his for his sweetheart is like god (atleast for him, you can imagine your own
loved ones in the picture, but I know most of you wouldn't but rather would go for your extremely hot heroine). But I am sure she is not the one walking the 
video, trust me you don't need to feel jealous about. But there is atleast one person in the world who has the license to feel the jealousy but the chances of 
him to have watched this video is highly probable but I have just in level safeness that him reading this article is not so plausible or happening. So yeah and
also claims his heart to be "gange", the holiest considered water in India (River). The biggest in India and most respected. Well one has to definitely respect
the water because of its necessity and significance it adds to live and to support life. It is simply un-explainable. Well he is intending to clean the Statue of
God with his water called heart. Well its a beautiful imagination. What a metaphor. Simply good. He would rinse the statue of god call "Love" with his 
pure water call heart. That is very heart touching. Ha Ha Ha. By the way this to me seems very exaggerated. But is definitely very cute.
Next line is equally good, The lord of love breathes the breath called "trust" that I have put upon it within me. Well lord is making him breath his soul without
any hesitation. Well God completelly trusts his trust in love and without any disbelief entrusts him by thrusting his breaths called "trust". Well metaphorically
this might mean that he has desire of acquiring his love and that every breath of confidence that 'he can' is the motivation he has. Well her is when I submit
to the theory of Entropy. This is why drive is so powerful. It just completely imbibes you to accomplish whatever your passion is. Some successfull dumb ones
become most threatened Terrorists too.
Yeah, he breathes love and the desires to have it without any hesitations (from both sides).

Ee premadinda vyasanavu thara thara! Wow. I mean Wow. Here the singer who seems to be more spiritually inspired and also preferably when young has
fallen into humanly love and realised it's worth advices him to directly join him by jumping directly to sprirituality rather than worldly love so that he can save
time and realise much better things ( I am not 100% sure that it is better, but the advicer is definiely trying to avoid the experience that the younger lover is
trying to ask for), so may be the older one things it is waste of time for lowly pleasures. So warns him that many difficulties lie ahead of the path you are
choosing to walk. Why do it with tension rather than laid back way. In a way it is more intensive and pleasurable - inwardly. Externally only for selected ones.
And the unsoved mystery is the "Process of Selection". Well may be I will solve it one day or just be lost with the fascination of the ordering and haphazarness
of the arrangement. Well let me explain it thenn. Badukina gati badaliso gadiyara. Well God is expected to be the clock of live. In the sense he controls the
swiftness of time and time as a phenomenon itself. So, the God called "Clock" fast farward the time a little. In the sense get the lagging younger one to my
age (By age I mean unstanding of life and quantity of life to measure it with more more weightage rather than physical and biological gains). Well the job
of elders is to preach. They repent doing things. I am sure they were also black mailed by their elder ones, but they themselved did not listen but go behind
the physical world but they expect their younger ones to listen to them and follow their footsteps but in short cut. Well of course people who listen to this 
don't follow it but only listen to it for pure pleasure of their senses called ears and mind.


Ninna poojege bande mahadeshwara, Some good vocal treats for the ears follows with a short span of time. A change in time actually. May be the clock god
actually listened and fastened music at a faster pace. Ha Ha Ha. Or the singer realised his fingers would do the trick on the guitar this time, just like he 
realised on his first night that he used when his own specialised instrument got super excited and tired too soon. Well atlest he is able to realise and 
apply just in time at the right place instead like his previous counters.

Hero presents his graceful salutations to the love of God again. Well he just does not want to heed to the wiser one, or atleast a self-acclaimed wise. He is
just in lust, he cannot come out of it now. He then implies that love is the reason that world is at such fondness and wellness. He is saluting with his
arms open in front of a temple dome where pigeons and what not birds are flying, well the hero might be showing that he is feeling on top of the world
competing with lovely birds capable of actual flyging are pitying and shitting on him in a pathetical feeling of how a human is dreaming of things he cannot do
instead of doing things what he acutally is able to, Well I feel so much evolved than this pollutioning retard.

Omkarave, He claims the God to be the the basic sound of nature the "OM" kara. Well that is said to be the root of vedas. Well Vedas deserve a seperate 
treaty to be written rather than an article, So will write if after I am finished with this lust and love business. Well yes, I confess, I visualize myself as the
better hero for the whole timepass things I am doing in order to realise my own potential and importance of time in the future part of live after I meeting
my turning point of life. Yeah I am lazy too! I will wait for it search me, unless I realise that it's to late and set myself on the quest. Frankly I am not
doing this now because I don't want to mess things more.

He claims the god call "OM" kara - that his love is the eternal, place of eternity. Well here the logic is if love were to be eternal, it has to be somewhere, I 
mean in some place, So it has to be at an eternal palace or home of street, Where is that address? well he says love itself is the place where it resides.
Wow what a logical place. If an eternal thing exists, then it cannot just exists in a mortal place like earth or universe. If it has to exists, then it has to be
in itself so the cycle or loop of thougts ends where it started, at the starting point. Retured back to the same place but with more maturity and experience.
So, he claims his love is an eternal thing and rightfully calling it an eternal station.

Ee muddu hrudayadi chigurida sadgara, Well the singer exclaims at the sweetness of his celebration of expression of his love and says it has come out of the 
young one's heart. Let this celebration bring upon a melodious tone in the world. Well this is a classic example of love winning love. Just the circumstances
are different. One is lust and the other is worship and devotion. The older one begs god instead to bring courtiousness on the boy instead and directs the 
attention of god which I doubt he got in first place instead toward the younger heart to fulfull him with god's vision. To be correct he is being generous and
sacrificing for the younger form of himself. Well, yet he lost again. First when he was young, now that he witnessed another youth in the form of his dashing
boy he encountered, Infact in the video of the song they both bump into each other unknowingly. Well be carefull when you touch nextime, may be the energy
of yours will be tranferred.

So love of lust wins, or Infact makes the love for worship much more difficult to attain and actual pursuance rather than wavery mind. So the journey towards
God is adjouned.

He then sings completely differently than what he sang at the start, He says he has come to perform worshipping so that god may protect himself but now he
requests got to take care of the younger heart and is surprised by the fact that the young guy is a step ahead of him and has assumed lust-love to be God.
Now the wiser one may himself be in a dilemma. lemma is from Theory of Computation.

Now the wiser person has completely been brainwashed into literaly imposing god that he will not ask for any other thing than get this younger heart mingled
with his lover. Now it's important for the lover to merge with his lover and enjoy themselves. Well sex indeed is a wonderful thing. But till now I have not
had this feeling of merging with one, to me it just has been sensory pleasure in form of contractions and relaxation of muscles and neves. Unfortuately.

I can imagine what  kick it would give if we actually have sex with the ones who make our heart skip beat. One would be in complete involvement.
Yeah I have not decided not to get married because of peer pressure or pressure from society. Wait for the one who makes your heart skip beat.

I don' want love to be replaced with humility and humanity you know, just marrying and living with your partner for the sake all others things except your own
selves. That is a miserable living. Wait for the right one. You will meet. You only will if you believe and be patient. If you are too eager you either become a
slave or a fool.

Materialse this desire of lust-love and make these moments golden. Let it shine at light for the countless times to come!!!!!


Thanks for reading so long. It was immense pleasure writing this. 
Also If there were any uncompleted ideas, which is a result of my incapabilities and limitations, Please colour it with the paint of your ideas on the canvas of
your minds to create a piece of art that will make your time worth living!!
Enjoy.
"
